Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM)
============================================

What is SLAM? To understand SLAM, a couple of definitions need to be addressed. Let's start with **mapping**; mapping is the creation or reconstruction of the world around the autonomous system. Building off from perception, the vehicle may *see* the world around it, but it doesn't necessarily make a remember and make a connection to it. In other words, without mapping, you can think of perception as going one ear and out of the other. With mapping, the vehicle is taking what it sees and tries to remember what the world looks like. Now, just like how human memory can be fuzzy at times, when a mapping algorithm constructs the world it sees, it may not be an exact representation of it. Next is **localization**; when the map is constructed, how does the vehicle know exactly where it is in that constructed map? That's is where localization comes in. Localization algorithms estimates the vehicle position and orientation relative to a known coordinate system and global map (which mapping constructs).

Finally, we can get into what SLAM does. In a typical non-SLAM pipeline, mapping of the global map is typically done first then that map is taken as an input to the localization algorithm to determine the pose of the system. In a real-time environment, especially in a high-speed environment such as autonomous racing, we want to combine these two algorithms into one. Hence, the **simultaneous** in Simultaneous Localization and Mapping.